# CS295N Term Project

**Your web site should meet the following requirements:**

1.  Be interactive. This means that it doesn't just consist of static views with links to other views. There should be one or more web pages that display content that is generated by code running on the server that generates output in response to input from the user. Examples would be a web page with a game, a quiz or a calculator.

2.  Be data-driven. This means that the content of one or more of your web pages contains content derived from information stored in a database. In addition:

    -   Users should be able to enter data that will be stored in the database.
    -   Input should be validated.
    -   Users should be able to do some kind of searching of the database. An example would be a to-do list app where a user could search for a particular to-do item.
3.  Be moderately complex&mdash;not too simple, but not too hard to build. Here are some criteria:

    -   The database should have 1 or 2 tables

    -   The number of properties in the domain model should be between 7 and 12.
        (The total number of properties from all domain model classes.)

    -   There should be between 4 and 7 web pages.

4.  The web site should have some kind of navigation that appears on each page.

5.  The web site will be deployed to an internet server (like Azure).

**Write a proposal for your web site that includes:**

1.  A written description of the site.
2.  A "site map", in the form of an outline, that shows the navigation links between the pages.
3.  UI sketches for each page. You can use pencil and paper, then take a photo of it, or use [Lucid Chart](https://www.lucidchart.com), or [Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com), or some other computer drawing program.
4.  A list of the properties in the data model.

Submit all of the above in one document. Please use a .pdf or an docx document and don't zip it. (so I can read it online in Moodle).

**Notes:**

I.  The term project web app should not be the same as one of your weekly lab assignments and it shouldn't be the same as any of the example web apps used in the course.

II. Good coding practices, such as using unit tests, and separation of UI code and business logic are expected in the term project.
